Wang Shiyu, why are you here?
Lin Feng heard that you moved
I didn't expect to move to this zodiac villa.
What's it to you?
I came this time
I'm apologizing to you.
I am unemployed
Lin Feng
These days I always think of your kindness to me
Give me another chance
Let's start over, shall we?
snort
Brother Feng, look what I made for you.
Why are you here?
I also want to ask you
Feng bought me a villa with the same zodiac sign
Right next door
He bought you a villa, right?
You and Feng Ge have broken up.
You two are no longer related.
If you say it's okay, then it's okay.
At least I'm his ex-girlfriend
Also on track
And you are just a fish in his pond.
Raymond Lam
I have something else to do
You guys are welcome
Ahhh
Lin Feng, this loser, actually caught me
No, I can't hang myself on a tree.
Got to find the next target.
snort